h1. capybara-envjs example app

"github.com/jxson/envjs-cucumber-example":http://github.com/jxson/envjs-cucumber-example

h2. Description:

This is an example Sinatra application showing how to set up these guys with cucumber:

* "Sinatra":http://www.sinatrarb.com
* "Rack Test":http://github.com/brynary/rack-test
* "Capybara":http://github.com/jnicklas/capybara
* "capybara-envjs":http://github.com/smparkes/capybara-envjs

h2. Development

To get the features to run you should make sure you have the most recent version of "bundler":http://gembundler.com/ installed.

You can then run:

bundle install
rake cucumber

h2. Licensee:

(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2010 Jason Campbell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.